this is something new something fast and
a little trickier
[Music]
rapport is it is it food it's a male
Joris looking for a mate he needs to
catch her attention but female jotters
only mate once if she's made it before
she might kill him he will need to
seduce her with care waving his arms
makes his intentions clear
he's a friends not food
no sign of an attack yet but she doesn't
seem particularly impressed time to try
his best move the double paddle that
shorty will do the trick
[Music]
one final wave and he's tamed her she
say is still for just long enough
[Music]
and then he retreats quickly before she
has second thoughts
[Music]
you